fixed deps in useGraphql forms (#1954)
tinacms/tinacms: .changeset/strong-grapes-wonder.md

---
'tinacms': minor
---

> Added varibles to useGraphqlForms dependices inin order to update data when varibles change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added variables to useGraphqlForms dependencies in order to update data when variables change
```

Author: thanks @DirtyF
